What's up, guys?
This is the second episode of the series,
and I've prepared an extra episode for you to enjoy.
If you're interested,
please subscribe to my channel and like this video.
And if you want to see more of my work,
check out the description below.
Thanks for watching.
Gotoh's sitting down.
Thanks to him,
I get to watch some S-Ranks in action, though.
Well...
Let's kick this thing off!
Subtitles by the Amara.org community
Testing our brute strength?
Yeah!
Nice and simple!
All right.
You're about to see size does matter!
I can't beat speedsters in close combat.
In case you didn't know,
my specialty is...
Rage attacks!
Hoshino!
Watch where you're going!
Hurry and take him down!
Just checking,
but they have reinforced this place
with the highest quality of Essence Stone,
right, Chairman Goh?
Yes.
I'm thinking we may have to re-evaluate
how sturdy it really is, though.
These guys are the cream of the crop
among S-Rank hunters.
We need to approach this fight
and make sure they're not just trying
to grab my wrists,
but to snap them.
Atsushi Kumamoto...
Doesn't seem very aggressive
for a combat type.
Dammit!
I'm not cut out for this at all...
I just don't have the heart for it.
Is Gotoh using us,
seeing if his hunters are ready
to fight the ants?
If that's the idea,
I'm here for it.
Heh.
I'm not going to let you get away with this.
I'm going to get you.
So I'm supposed to be a test, huh?
Time to see if you pass or fail!
Nope.
I'm outta here!
What a bunch of maniacs.
A little A-Rank like me
would get smoked.
No way!
You're like the fairy definition
of pure grit
and plenty tough, too!
In terms of physical strength,
guess I win.
Heh heh.
Who'd have thought
I'd be eating the floor?
It's a humbling first for me.
I believe you lose.
Is running your only tactic?
If you're targeting me
over Hunter Cha,
you must think I'm the weakest link.
I can't predict her moves.
She's equal parts graceful
and deadly.
Now I see why they call her
the Dancer.
It's frighteningly accurate.
I'd better help Hunter back.
Did you see that?
Oh no.
My last shot on reflex.
Aw, hell.
Looks like he snapped again.
Yeah.
Which means all bets are off now.
Do you think we should intervene?
Not if their lives aren't in danger, no.
He's fast.
Okay, you guys,
this is getting bad.
Sorry to interrupt you there.
But this doesn't feel like
a friendly sparring match.
The hell are you?
That's crazy.
He laid out Kumamoto
in his berserk state.
You said this one is registered
as a mage type?
Yes, sir.
That's what I heard, at least.
Might have to confirm that myself.
Hunter Cha,
are you good to accept
the loss for this match?
Since Hunter Beck seems
to have tapped out as well.
Sure.
Even if I'd gone all out,
the result would be
that I'd lost.
Oh, I see.
So I'm going to have to
do what you're doing.
I'm going to have to
make sure that this match
is a good one.
Yeah, that's right.
I'm going to have to
make sure that this match
is a good one.
Even if I'd gone all out,
the result would have been
the same.
Hunter Sung,
if you're up for a round,
Guildmaster Gotoh
would like to challenge you.
He's looking for a fight.
Don't need a translation
to know that.
Good.
I've been wanting to try out
the skills I got
from the Demon's Castle.
Is the thought of facing me funny?
Gotoh-san,
good news.
Hunter Sung has agreed
to spar with you.
On one condition.
However.
What's that?
He'll only fight
if you don't hold back
on him, sir.
Fine by me.
The Jeju Island raid
draws closer
and all eyes are on the Hunters.
The world is waiting to see
if this alliance with Japan
will be enough
to tip the scales of victory
in our favor.
Jiihi, don't you got work?
I'm off.
Told you yesterday.
Really?
Well, don't slack too much.
Gotta do our best,
just like the Hunters
out there are doing.
Hello.
Um...
I have questions
about the Jeju Raid's defense
if you have time.
What's happening now?
Guess our renowned
10th S-Rank
is feeling feisty.
He's fixing to go
head to head
with Gotoh.
He held his own
in that A-Rank dungeon,
but I wonder
how he'll do
against the Red-Hat.
That's what he'll do
if he has a chance
to get out of here.
He's doing as he's
supposed to do,
but,
I mean,
I don't know
what he'll do
if he gets out
and it's too late.
I think,
I wonder how he'll do against an S-rank Hunter.
Surprised you don't have your handkerchief.
The smell of Hunter's not bothering you?
It's not like I can keep my nose covered while I'm on the battlefield.
Should we stop this before it starts?
The spellcaster going up against a melee hunter in close combat.
Normally I'd say it's a bad idea,
but I bet I'm thinking the same thing you are about this matchup.
And I'm sure my hopes are just as high.
Because if I'm right, Hunter's sung has a rare ability to keep growing stronger.
Okay, let's...
Come on, man. Not cool.
He's awfully nimble.
And people think he's a mage.
What a joke.
I'll expose you for what you really are.
Oh yeah.
He's definitely a step above the others.
But I can still dodge him.
Smiling again?
I'm going cross-eyed trying to keep up.
He's really hanging in there, isn't he?
Evading such quick attacks is very impressive.
It's not that he's hanging in there, though.
He's egging him on to test his strength.
This whole runaround thing is getting on my nerves.
Change of plans.
I'm gonna kill him!
Is he alright?
Careful with that thing. Someone could've lost an eye.
Is he toying with me by grabbing my hand?
I can only guess what you just said.
But grabbing your wrist would end the game.
And neither of us want it to be over so soon.
So...
and only make ends meet.
Maybe we'll win.
Deer!
Nóircul!
Explosions do not work!
We have to
find something.
That dolce
trust
I won't be lost!
What the-
Hunter Sung! That's enough!
Mal upright!
All good!
Son, this fight's getting out of hand. Let's call it here, while you're both in one piece.
Tell your guildmaster this match is over.
Oh, right.
Did I spoil your fun?
No.
You fought the great Ryuji Goto and lived. All he managed to do was nick you once. Good on ya.
I got a little more intense than I meant to, but I have a good grasp of everyone's skills now.
You sent soldiers into five of their shadows, too.
Thank you. Later I'll send you the list of hunters participating in the raid.
And forward it to our vice guildmaster, too, please.
Take care.
Chairman Goh.
Ah, Hunter Sung. How can I help you?
So, about this Jeju Island raid...
I'm afraid you're not even ready to talk about this, huh?
Regi. You'd be shocked by how good one of these hunters is.
I doubt he compares to the guildmaster of the Drawn Sword.
Don't be so sure.
Which one is it?
Sung. Jinoo. He's the recently reawakened S-Rank.
Hmm. Okay, that's strange. I have the list for the raid here.
But his name's not on it.
It's not?
I don't see Hunter Sung.
I guess he won't be joining the raid after all.
I'm sure he has his reasons. Either way...
Younger's name is missing too. Either way...
We've got a solid team of 15 S-Rank hunters that are pledged to our cause.
This time's going to be different.
This time we'll win.
I'm home.
Yeah, about time.
Hey sweetie, dinner's ready.
I'd say your timing's perfect.
Let's eat then.
Mom just woke up from a four year coma. She needs me.
Which is why... I'm not going to Jeju Island.
My subjects need food, but there is no prey.
They're cannibalizing each other to sustain themselves.
This way.
Won't do.
We must leave the island.
I need stronger offspring.
More powerful than any other.
Capable of leading my mighty queen of...
...S-Rank.
Grow strong, my son...
...For all of us!
The ant magic beasts have been evolving at a disturbing rate. They only crawl along the ground during the first three Jeju Island raids.
But as you can see in this recently captured footage, they've taken a more humanoid appearance in addition to growing large wings. In response, the Hunters Association is formulating a strategy to combat this newest threat.
You messed with the wrong S-Rank, you stupid beast!
This is a bad call and you know it.
Every Hunter was called to join the Defense Force, so why should I?
Well, Miss Han, you're an E-Rank for one thing.
So that's how it's gonna be?
Sorry!
In the event any rogue ants make their way to the mainland, Hunters of all ranks are being enlisted as a countermeasure to protect civilians.
Tonight, we race.
Tomorrow, we raid Jeju Island.
This is the First Fleet. We've arrived at our designated coordinates.
Second Fleet here. We've arrived as well.
Third Fleet has eyes on the island and is now approaching.
Fourth Fleet is also en route. We anticipate arrival in five minutes.
Master, do we have what it takes to beat the ants?
No way of knowing for sure until we try.
But we were stationed here because we're using our smarts to fight these things, too.
No creepy crawly's gonna crawl past me.
You're inspiring! I'll follow you for the rest of my life, however long that might be!
Take care of things here, Vice Guildmaster.
I'm planning to just space out. I mean, we'll be on standby.
Anything can happen. Besides, knowing you're on duty puts me at ease.
I can go into battle with a clear head.
Please be careful, sir.
Will do.
What? Why the hell is Min-sung stationed up here?
Do you know how much he's worth? I can't have him getting eaten by ants.
Tell him to hide in the back!
I'll get him out of here.
I'll be right back.
All squads have made contact. The Mainland Force, the Coastal Guard, and the team on Jeju.
The diversionary unit has landed on the island as well.
A heartening turnout. So many hunters heard the call to arms and answered without question.
Including a very surprising, yet very welcome addition.
I'm ready. How about you?
I'm ready.
Pyunggu.
Could've sworn you said you were retired.
Yeah, but then I realized. Without a healer, you'd be dead in a matter of seconds.
You see a magic beast and charge straight in without thinking.
Because if I didn't, they'd make a beeline for you and tear you to shreds.
It's like a ghost town.
Alpha here.
All hunters sound off.
Team Bravo, in position.
Charlie here. In position.
Team Delta, we're ready for action.
A live broadcast?
Yes. Well, mostly. There's a ten minute delay to edit the intense scenes.
As a cameraman, it's a true honor to be documenting this historic clash for the whole world to see.
Sure. When hunters have something or someone to protect, they always up their game.
That said, you do know being behind that lens will be a challenge.
I'll be okay, sir. Though you wouldn't guess it, I'm an A-Rank. I'm used to filming hazardous stuff.
Well then, welcome aboard.
This is probably the first time the public will ever see a raid like this, but it might also be the last.
Hell, it had better be.
Let's put a proper end to this story.
If we don't pull this off, our whole country could be wiped from the map.
More than ever, we need a hero.
I just got word. The strike team is prepared to mobilize.
All right. This is it. Let the fourth Jeju Island raid commence.
Release your full strength.
Roger.
The diversionary unit is making its move.
This bait is really something else.
There go the ants.
Just had to target our transport.
Please open the hatch. I'll handle it.
We've got some çek ziem.
It was a long time ago.
What was that?
No one had fewicio.
Well, your string will build up.
You need meters of warmth to go inside this en documents.
Too far!
But your crane will not budge.
With this tool, you can keep it moving.
If you push it, Emil will be Weil Fu.
It is two young men from the other side, ready to spare their lives.
immني
Well, hot damn! That's our ultimate weapon for you! Yes, sirree!
Let's touch down, and then make our way into the cave.
The Japanese hunters should be able to distract the ants for about an hour.
Which means we have to get in, take down the Queen, and get out. No pressure.
It's the moment of truth, everyone. Let's go!
Ready the interference signal. On my mark, activate.
Transmitting now, sir.
Good luck having your minions detect a distress signal now, your majesty.
Keep flinching, and you'll wind up dead.
Why even wait around for them to execute the Queen?
Wouldn't it be a lot faster if we just killed off all the ants instead?
Maybe. We could.
Hmm.
Don't approach it like Kenzo. He's having a field day.
Where there's smoke, there's fire.
That, it's that Che, the Choi guy.
If he and I fought, do you think I could take him?
Fire versus ice. How original.
The nest is secured. Let's not waste a single second they buy us.
There's a lot of tunnels to choose from.
The question is, which one of them is gonna lead us to the Queen?
Right now, we have to find it.
We're gonna have to find a way to get to the next tunnel.
How about a little warning next time, Zhongying?
We don't have time to search them all, and we can't divide and conquer.
But if we're after the tunnel that leads the deepest underground, I believe that's the one we want.
That's the last of the daily quest.
Kinda eerie how no one's around today.
They formed two teams of S-Ranks, and every member is strong.
It should be an easy victory.
Even without me.
Are we sure the Queen is down here?
She might have abandoned them to run.
It's an island. There's nowhere she could go.